I've always been good
at becoming other people.
Yes, it's always been my dream.
Well--
If you find you can't
live In the shadows,
then you should come with me
into the spotlight.
Actors, designers,
performers, filmers,
the best stage, come on!
No ticket needed for
the entrance of dreams!
Legendary theaters
and poolside celebrities!
Pushing through rivals and paparazzi
until your name's on the Walk of Fame!
A large-sized dream!
But you should beware.
If your restless feet
should trip and fall,
there's no way back.
You know,
what look like diamonds from
afar are actually someone's tears.
But if your dream is still alive,
dance on fire!
Make the floor red hot!
Dance on fire!
Just keep on dancing!
If you're burned out but
your dream still isn't,
then you're sure to smile!
Ready?
Pompo: The Cinéphile
Great!
Cut!
OK!
Alright!
That's it for the front shots.
Prepare the scaff!
That was great, Mystia!
Thanks, Gene.
It's more dramatic from the side.
OK, I'll move the camera.
Thanks!
Gene, what are you writing?
There are so many
things to learn on a film set,
so I'm taking notes on everything.
Wow! You're so keen on studying!
No, I--
Pompo is here!
How's it going?
- Great!
- Good morning!
Hi, Pompo!
You're looking sexy today, Mystia.
Director, how's it going?
Take a look.
That's great!
Just the right amount of sex appeal.
Right? Have you
prepared for the meeting?
As Pompo's assistant,
for about a year...
I've been watching from the sidelines.
Gene, go buy me some food.
Yes, ma'am!
- A tuna sandwich.
- Yes, ma'am!
For some reason, she only
produces uncomplicated B-movies.
Erm--
You only like B-movies?
No, I like all movies.
- I'm not picky.
- Oh.
But this is a summer
movie. The sea, swimsuits.
I wanna show everyone
Mystia's beautiful body.
As long as the lead actress
looks attractive, it's a good movie.
Really?
With a good lead, I can
make any movie into a hit.
Making a tearjerker moving is easy,
Making a silly one
moving takes genius.
I guess you're right.
What do we have tomorrow?
The audition for the next
project directed by Corbett.
Ooh! Deciding the
fate of young people!
Gene, don't be late, OK?
Good night.
A great picture.
Peterzen! Peterzen Film!
You're late!
What did I tell you?
The audition's over!
I'm sorry!
Go buy me something
sweet. With chocolate!
Yes, ma'am! I'm on my way!
Was she the last one?
Yes, but she can't even act.
I'll be in the screening room.
Time for a seafood barbecue!
Amazing! Such a trashy
story, but a great movie!
Pompo can take anything
and make it into a hit.
She really is a genius.
That angle was brilliant.
Yeah, that bit was fantastic.
Grandpa!
- You came!
- Yeah.
The screen filled with cute
asses. Very entertaining.
Right? Right?
It's a giant of film, legendary
producer J. D. Peterzen!
I've watched so many of his movies.
After he retired,
young cineaste Pompo
inherited all of his connections.
But that's not all she inherited.
His eye for scripts,
actors, directors.
His charisma and decisiveness.
All the talents needed to make
movies. A silver screen prodigy!
Pompo, he's gonna take some PR photos.
Alright!
See you!
Mr. Peterzen.
You're Stan "The Unsinkable
Battleship" Hansen, aren't you?
I'm Gene.
Is there a secret to
making a great movie?
There's no correct
way to make a movie.
I guess not.
However, a film set is a living thing.
The actors' mood,
the changing scenery,
You need sharp visual senses...
so you never miss a
moment that sparkles.
Sharp visual senses?
I guess you're asking because
you wanna make a movie?
Not in my wildest dreams!
I could never--
Get a grip, son.
There's a reason Pompo chose you.
She chose me?
A producer's job is basically
all about spotting talent.
Pompo keeps you around...
because she sees something in you.
In me? Really?
I think you're right.
Director, a word.
And so, I've decided to have
you make the trailer for Marine!
Whaaat!?
But the producer usually
has a specialist studio do that!
Someone who aspires to be a creator
shouldn't use words like "usually"!
I need a 15-second spot. You
can use editing software, right?
Well, yes, but--
Grab attention, put in a twist,
show the best parts and
mislead them to create interest.
And finally an explosion!
Like that.
All that in just 15 seconds?
By the way, the 15-second
spot is the one most people see,
so it directly affects revenue.
The livelihoods of the
entire crew are in your hands.
It's realistically
impossible to fit all that...
into 15 seconds.
It's too short,
so I'll supplement it with
things outside the film!
One technique of filmmaking...
is to make them imagine the
next scene without showing it.
I'll make the audience...
fill in the gaps in their heads.
Who cares about revenue
or the crew's livelihoods?
It's so much fun!
It was supposed to
be just another holiday.
What do you think?
Director?
This is Pompo, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
Oh, when I called out to
Mystia after we wrapped.
Why a backstage shot?
Well, I...
wanted a misleading
shot to create interest.
I found it by chance.
Is it no good?
It's great.
It's fantastic!
So Gene can make the
30-second, and net versions, right?
That's fine.
Thank you so much!
- Yesterday
- Huh?
You talked with my
grandpa. That's rare for you.
He said something I
wanted to ask you about.
Why did you choose
me to be your assistant?
Here there are so many
people better educated,
and better at their jobs than me.
So why me?
That's simple.
You had one advantage
over all the rest.
Your eyes didn't sparkle.
All their eyes looked like they had
a brilliantly sparkling adolescence.
But a fulfilling life makes
your way of thinking shallow.
Happiness destroys creativity.
They aren't qualified to be creators.
However, in your eyes, I saw...
the typical signs of an
outcast with nowhere to go.
I'm praising you.
Thank you.
People who run from reality
create their own world in their mind.
The expanse and depth
of an outcast's inner world...
equals their untapped
creative potential!
That's why I believe in
a social misfit like you.
In your eyes.
Oh.
Eyes, eyes, it's happening again.
Like the other day?
I feel I've forgotten something.
About the screening?
The audition yesterday?
That's it! Now I remember!
A little lightbulb moment.
I didn't notice at the time. This one!
- Bring this girl here.
- Yes, ma'am.
This girl is--
She has the eyes of a misfit too?
An actress needs sparkling eyes!
I don't know exactly what it is,
but she has something.
In any case, when it
comes to filmmaking,
you just have to rely
on your instincts, right?
May I use the screening room?
Sure. What will you watch?
Cinema Paradiso.
I hate that movie.
But it's a masterpiece.
It's a good story,
but it's way too long.
You don't like long movies?
No, I hate them.
The longer they are, the
longer you can enjoy them.
No, you're wrong. Let me tell you.
My parents were always really busy,
so my grandpa raised me.
But movies are all he knows,
so he made me watch them.
It's tough for a little kid to
sit still for two to three hours.
He made me watch until the end,
and then tell him my impressions.
So a simple story
90 minutes or under...
was like an oasis in the desert.
That's one reason
why I hate long movies.
And why else?
Making them concentrate
for two hours or more...
is unkind to the modern audience.
Filmmakers should choose wisely,
and express their vision
as concisely as possible.
A bloated film isn't beautiful, is it?
But I love watching movies,
so even three or four hours--
That's what's wrong with film geeks?
Being able to talk to a movie genius
about films from such a young age.
How I envy her.
Excuse me.
Pompo, you came to watch it?
Halfway through?
I don't wanna watch the whole thing.
I came to get a taste
of a masterpiece.
Huh?
I have a sense of déjà vu.
What is it?
Good morning.
Huh?
She isn't here yet.
Meister? This is what
Pompo's been writing?
Pompo is back!
I shouldn't have eaten
so much. I'm stuffed!
I see.
- How's the script?
- Well--
Yes, yes, I know.
Pompo could never
write a boring script.
Give me your impression in detail.
Alright, I will.
An aged artist finds peace
encountering nature and a young girl.
It's a hackneyed
cliché of a story, but...
the characters are so fascinating.
Dalbert, the arrogant but naive
extremely talented musician.
Lily, at times like an inquisitive
boy, at others like a sensitive girl.
Just two main characters.
But they can carry the story.
How can a B-movie producer like you...
write such a script? It's incredible!
I see, I see.
So you think I'm a B-movie producer!?
Forgive me!
And the visuals, too.
The switch from the bustle of
the city to the grandeur of the Alps.
It's so liberating.
If I saw that on the big
screen, I'd be dazzled.
By the way, Gene.
Which scene did you like best?
The one where Lily is singing
and looks over her shoulder.
That was a quick answer.
It's when Dalbert regains
his passion for music,
and because I pictured
the scene when I read it.
You've passed.
But most of the scenes
only have two characters,
so you'd need very good actors.
It's already been cast.
I've asked Martin
Braddock to play Dalbert.
Martin Braddock!?
He's a legend! The
best actor in the world.
But didn't he retire?
He just found work tiresome,
and has been resting for 10 years.
I got my grandpa to persuade him.
Wow!
Martin Braddock's
first film in 10 years.
Great publicity, right?
It's bound to be a smash hit!
And Lily will be played by--
Erm, excuse me?
Right on cue.
I had my hair cut, just like you said.
It really suits you, Natalie.
It's Lily! This person is Lily!
Right?
I wrote this script for her.
That's why--
The first time I saw her,
I caught a glimpse of it.
A very beautiful scene full of light.
I wrote the script to recapture
that brief moment of light.
Scripts are sometimes
written for actors?
Occasionally, a whole story unfolds
in your mind when you see someone,
which means it's bound to
become a fantastic movie.
I see.
Erm, what were...
you two talking about just now?
I'll tell you.
You've got your first lead role.
So suddenly!? I-- I--
Here you go.
You're gonna shoot this movie, OK?
Director Gene.
Road repairs. Please
take a different route.
Alright.
Thank you. Sorry
for the inconvenience.
Excuse me--
No, no! I have to take a shower...
and go to the audition.
Oh no!
I'm late! I'm late!
I'm number 15, Natalie Woodward.
Too plain! Out!
My 30th rejection.
No wonder I'm depressed.
You're late! The audition's over!
I'm sorry!
So expensive.
My smile is my best asset!
I'm never gonna give up!
I can't abandon my dreams now.
I came to this town to fulfill them!
Yes?
I'm here! Good evening!
Sorry to rush you over here.
Natalie Woodward.
Born in Sunroad. A
town famous for corn.
No acting experience.
Are you making a living?
I have a day job.
- How many days a week?
- All seven.
And acting lessons?
About once a fortnight.
You'll never become a
movie star at that rate!
You know Mystia?
Yes! I wish I were
as beautiful as she is.
- Alright, quit your day job.
- Huh?
Leave your apartment
and move in with Mystia.
You'll be her apprentice,
with her all day, every day.
I'll call and tell her.
Do the same training as her.
Learn from her performances on set.
- Understood?
- Yes.
If you get it, then go!
You must be Natalie.
- Nice to meet you.
- Yes!
It's really her! She's so beautiful!
Such a huge place!
I'm going to the gym.
You're coming too, right?
Yes!
You have great abs!
I put on a bit more flesh
for the camera, though.
Muscles turn boys off.
It was my first time,
so my whole body hurts!
Leave the cooking to me.
It's the least I can do in return.
I'll make you healthy food
to keep you in top condition.
I heard you've...
wanted to be an actress
ever since you were little.
Yes, that's right.
I hope you get a role soon.
Yes!
"Even the smallest star in
the sky shines like an angel."
No, no! Don't just
read the script out loud.
I'm so sorry!
Here you are.
Thank you!
Pompo is here!
How's it going?
Natalie, your face.
What is this?
Good, she's almost ready.
Yes?
Her hair?
Alright, I'll tell her.
Making a move at last, huh, Pompo?
Natalie, Pompo wants
you at the studio tomorrow.
And--
I had my hair cut.
Director Gene!
Director!?
I'm a director.
I can't believe this either!
I'm so excited, I think I might faint!
I can't stop being nauseous.
Hey!
- Haargh!
- Mystia!
You have no choice, so
you'd better be ready...
to fulfill your dreams!
Don't just stand
there. Meet and greet!
Here I go!
You too, Gene.
You're Gene, the director, right?
Martin!
Do your best.
Yes!
Thanks for doing this.
Oh, hello.
Right before my eyes.
Two legends who have won
six Nyacademy Awards together!
Long time no see.
You're...
Hawk and Animal of
The Road Warriors, aren't you?
I'm Gene, one person.
So you are. Gene.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Martin gets lonely
surprisingly easily,
so don't be too much in awe of him.
Talk to him as much as you can.
Alright.
Gene, Gene.
Director Corbett.
Congratulations on your first gig.
Congratulations on
the success of Marine.
It's all thanks to the brilliant crew.
May I give you some
advice as a senior colleague?
Yes, please do.
It's your first film,
and Martin's in it,
so you're bound to be tense.
If you try to please everyone,
it'll be a fuzzy mishmash.
Make it a movie...
for the one person you
want to show it to most.
Then you'll have sharp focus.
A movie with a clear outline.
You're right.
I was worried about
making a mess of it.
She's the female lead? Not you?
I'm not in it.
I'm the female lead.
Damn, I'm crestfallen.
Anyway, I'm Martin Braddock.
Best actor in the world.
Wanna network socially?
I don't have a smartphone.
Martin was so disappointed.
I guess I'm not good enough.
Oh, Director.
I get heartburn when I hear that.
Director.
Yes?
Is it weird having me as the lead?
Maybe I'm not attractive.
I'm full of nerves and
wanna run away too.
But when I think about it,
running from reality,
I have no other place to go but here.
Only two choices:
Make a movie, or die.
So I'll stake my life on this.
I'm gonna direct it.
Me too.
Blue skies,
cornfields as far as the eye can see.
That's all there is in my hometown.
So I fell in love with movies.
Films gave me the chance to dream.
I'm gonna be an actress!
You're pretty, so you'll be a
wonderful actress, Natalie.
Since then, I've worked hard,
saved some money, and
now I'm here in Nyallywood.
So I have to make my break.
You know--
Yes?
It's something Pompo said.
As long as the lead actress
looks attractive, it's a good movie.
Huh? Oh.
You've been chosen by Pompo,
which means you're
attractive as a lead actress.
And also, I can't see
anyone else in the role of Lily.
Don't worry. Let me shoot you.
Alright. Thanks.
You've given me confidence.
Let's do it, Director Gene!
Erm, yes!
Huh? You're still awake?
I'm going over the
location arrangements.
Get plenty of rest, OK?
That's also part of your job.
Sorry, I need the restroom.
Yet again, Alan?
This is a huge contract.
Don't mess it up!
Of course.
That kid--
I know that guy from somewhere.
Pompo is here in Switzerland!
This is great!
The despondent Dalbert
lands in Switzerland,
and is moved to tears by
the splendor of the Alps.
What a wonderful idea!
Right?
No, it's no good.
When he arrives here, his heart
is closed to the outside world.
He doesn't see the scenery.
Sorry! I have no right to
be giving you my opinion!
No problem. You're the director.
Yes.
But movies are made by a team.
I won't hesitate to
give you my opinion.
You decide whether to use it.
Yes.
Every one of us should
share our thoughts.
Yes!
Having a veteran on
board makes things so easy!
Grandma, look how far I've come!
Mystia, I'll do my best.
Scene 32, shot 1, take 1.
In an Alpen meadow,
the heartbroken Dalbert--
Get ready!
meets Lily for the first time.
OK.
Speed.
Action!
This is the power of the
best actor in the world!
He's usually so lively,
but as soon as we began,
he embodied despondency.
But more surprising...
was Lily's raw presence.
I wrote this script for her.
This is what a story written
for an actor looks like.
Martin is...
going back to Nyallywood for
the orchestra scene after this?
That's right.
Don't you have to
practice being a conductor?
Well--
Martin has played a conductor
twice in previous films.
In the climax scene of Welter,
the genius conductor he
plays conducts an orchestra...
in a single take of 6
minutes 40 seconds.
It made cinematic history.
Even pro musicians say
his performance was perfect,
so I'm sure he'll remember
how with a little coaching.
Is something wrong?
What can I say?
That's what he's like.
Director, you're amazing.
You know everything about film.
It's all I have.
I'm so happy that you've
watched such an old movie of mine.
I've seen all your movies, Martin.
Each one's a masterpiece.
I like you! No filming today.
We'll drink until dawn!
No you won't.
The light is in the upper right.
We'll shoot with a little backlight.
The director's very
particular about light.
He's done so many tests.
It's where you take Dalbert
for a walk among the goats.
I guess he wants to do it in one take.
Oh.
Huh?
I'm so sorry. The roof
fell in and scared them.
We've patched it up, but--
It was very rickety.
But aren't there too few goats?
The thing is--
They were eaten by wolves!?
Poor things!
What shall we do? There
aren't enough for the scene.
Have you asked the goatherd?
Impossible today, he says.
Shoot it tomorrow?
We don't have many location days,
and the weather's shifting.
There's fog.
Fog.
Do we have smoke?
Smoke?
No need to be scared.
This way.
The smoke was a great idea.
The goats are just scary enough.
And with the cutouts we
made, there are enough of them.
In the script, they
just went on a walk.
Nice one, Gene!
Today's a washout.
Just shoot the interior scenes?
Gene. Gene!
Wake up.
Can I shoot a scene not in the script?
You're funny.
Don't ask me. You're the boss.
Why do I have to do this?
I'm royalty!
Move your hands, not your lips.
Hurry, before the goats catch a cold.
Alright! Yes, ma'am!
That's good.
A great scene.
I'll shoot the sky as the rain lifts.
Hope we get a rainbow!
- Director.
- Yes?
How about if I fall off the roof?
I want to have Dalbert
be more humiliated.
So let's have Lily laugh at him.
Then Dalbert gets really
angry, and throws mud at Lily!
Huh?
Sorry for speaking out of turn.
No, I was just surprised.
It's a great idea.
I think he should land
in front of the door.
Then a goat can come out and lick him.
We'll make more mud
and get it really slippy.
In that case--
You little brat!
You stuck-up twerp!
Gene!
Quick, shoot it!
And cut!
Fantastic!
The weather was on our side.
You shot a great scene!
Thank you.
Scene 42.
A montage of Dalbert and Lily.
Scene 44. Dalbert learns how to fish.
That melody.
Pompo!
Stupendous!
That's the scene
we're making this for.
I'm completely satisfied.
See you back in Nyallywood.
You won't watch over us until the end?
I need to prepare the orchestra.
So many people. A
scheduling nightmare.
- Gene, Gene.
- Yes?
This picture's a surefire
Nyacademy Award-winner.
The rest is up to you, Director.
Stand by, please!
The guy from the plane.
Thank you.
You're Gene, right?
Always writing something.
But what?
My impressions of movies.
Oh.
Here. Don't just look
down, look ahead,
or you'll lose something important.
- What were you doing?
- Sorry!
Gene!
Gene Fini!
I thought it was you.
It's me. Alan, from high school.
Oh.
A director? Wow.
I can't believe it either.
Sorry for ruining your notebook.
It's fine.
I'd memorized it all, so
I wrote it in a new one.
Huh?
What do you do now?
Nyallywood Bank?
A major bank.
It's shit.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know he hated golf.
Enough already.
If you were on
the ball, you'd have
researched the
client. It's basic stuff.
I don't care if you were
a hotshot as a youth.
You think you can
succeed without any effort?
Sorry.
I'm thinking of quitting.
Why?
I've never had ambitions,
and did well at everything.
But reality is harsh.
Everything slips away.
Sorry.
Yes?
I see.
I have to go.
Alright. Let me know
when the film's finished.
I'll go watch it.
Yeah, thanks.
I take back what I said.
Huh?
You were always looking ahead.
Your eyes sparkle now.
My eyes sparkle?
Cut!
That's a wrap!
Let's drink!
Grandma, I did it!
Director, thank you so much!
Director?
The actors' work is done,
but for him, it begins now.
Right, editing.
Editing is the most vital stage.
Everything's on Gene now.
Editing his own movie? That's unusual.
I always have directors
do it if they can.
But--
But?
It's bound to be a masterpiece,
but the editor is the first audience.
Directing is subjective,
but editing is objective.
I wonder if Gene...
can bridge that gap,
and find the perfect cut.
Huh?
Time to edit. It's
gonna be so much fun!
I must be the happiest
person in the world right now.
We shot about 72 hours of film.
What should I do with it?
It's a movie starring Martin Braddock.
To make it impressive,
I need lots of depth at
the start, lots of splendor.
Not the whole concert.
I'll jump-cut to the next
scene before it gets boring.
Dalbert, you conducted masterfully.
Scene 12. Conversation
in the green room.
We shot it in 8 cuts.
I'll join them normally first.
Dalbert, you conducted masterfully.
Next time, find me a
better flautist, Coltman.
How much do you think she cost?
Tell me who I am.
You're the king!
If the next concert is a success,
you'll become legendary worldwide.
The next piece is St. Matthew Passion.
An aria?
You object?
With you conducting, it'll be perfect.
Technically, at least.
But an aria needs feeling.
Which I can't provide?
Tell me again.
Who am I?
There's nothing but exposition.
So--
Next time, find me a
better flautist, Coltman.
How much do you think she cost?
Tell me who I am.
I'll use long shots at first to
make them curious about Dalbert.
By emphasizing Martin's
emotionless delivery,
I'll crank up the tension.
Ordinarily, a medium shot
would provide a cushion,
but I'll jump straight
to the close-up.
Tell me again.
Who am I?
That's it! Dalbert's prickly
personality comes across!
I'll keep using this style.
Scene 24. Page 20 of the script.
Leaving for Switzerland at last.
It's taken 90 minutes
of story to get here.
He won't meet Lily
for another 30 minutes.
What can I do?
Pompo's in Australia?
Yes, location hunting with Corbett.
When is she back?
In two weeks.
I see.
Pompo has a message for you.
Yes?
I wanna see the final
cut when I get back!
Don't let me down!
That's what she said.
I have no choice.
Again, from the top.
Dalbert, you conducted masterfully.
Are you reading the score?
Again, from the top!
That orchestra is no good!
Are you crazy?
The concert is in two weeks.
We can't get another one!
What does an aria mean to you?
Dalbert, I quit.
I hope you're ashamed.
You're too careless, Dalbert.
You should lock the door.
We've worked together
for years. I feel responsible.
How long has it been...
since your wife and kid left you?
Why do you ask that now?
You need to take a break.
Some time for self-reflection.
Without music, I'm nothing.
Mr. Peterzen.
Excuse me.
Wow.
Oh, you're--
I'm Gene.
Sorry to disturb you.
What are you doing?
Sorting out old film.
Wow, it's a film splicer.
An old man's hobby.
Trying to create a story
from discarded film.
Just joining it together.
The thing is--
All the scenes seem important.
Wonderful performances.
But I have to cut more
to make it short enough.
Why ask me and not Pompo?
Right, she wrote it, didn't she?
What's the point of you being here...
if you just do what she says?
Yes.
Gene.
For who are movies made?
For the audience, I guess.
And why do you love movies?
You found yourself
in them, didn't you?
Through the stories, you found
empathy, dreams, yearning.
You saw reality.
So, Gene,
have you found yourself in your movie?
Once you have,
you should put your
aria into the film.
My aria?
You've never walked in the mountains?
How will that help my music?
An aria is a solo piece
for expressing emotion.
People call me a king!
I devoted everything to music!
Who for?
So, what emotion...
are you trying to express, and to who?
It's all written here!
Again, from the top!
What?
You think the score's
wrong,are you're right?
I just wanted to ask something.
What does an aria mean to you?
This is--
Lily, that melody--
This is me!
Wait.
In that case--
Pompo is back!
Welcome back.
Gene, show me the movie!
It isn't finished.
Just a little--
- How long is it?
- I've begun again.
There's still 72 hours of film.
And the reason?
We have a screening in two weeks.
The sponsors will be there.
If it isn't ready,
they might pull out.
So if it's just for some
trivial reason, then--
I need more.
Another scene.
You wanna do additional shooting?
Yes.
As I'm sure you know,
additional shooting means...
reassembling the whole crew.
You know how hard that is?
Kind of.
Movies are made by a team.
They're all on different projects now.
We'll have to beg
everyone to reschedule.
And who has to pay for it?
You do.
And reassembling
the cast is even harder.
Who has to negotiate?
You do.
Who wrote the script
that you say isn't enough?
You did.
And you still say...
you need additional shooting?
What's this all of a
sudden? Dalbert, are you crazy?
You want to do the aria again?
Dalbert, give me a break!
I never knew it.
No, I'd forgotten it.
The smell of fish, the
pain of slipping in the rain.
The bleating of goats!
Huh?
Emotions, memories are important.
She made me remember that.
Now I feel I can do it!
You're washed up.
Why don't you give up?
Even so--
All I have is film!
So--
Please--
My music needs--
My movie needs--
- The aria of that day!
- Another scene!
I need it!
Pompo.
I'll see what I can do.
Damn! I never thought he'd defy me.
He's so stubborn!
But--
You look so happy.
What is it?
The thing is,
I want to quit--
What's this?
Don't just take it.
A movie investment proposal.
I was just about to call
and turn them down.
Why?
They canceled a screening
because of the director,
so their sponsors pulled out.
Investing in movies is very high-risk.
Who knows if it'll ever be completed?
Please let me handle it.
Well?
It's perfect.
I never thought I'd have
to write an additional scene.
I'm sorry.
I asked you to do it
to keep it consistent.
I guess directors have to be
as arrogant and selfish as you.
And what about this role?
There's no time for auditions.
Actually, I have someone in mind.
The Meister script?
It's the complete version,
with the additional scene.
But without additional funding,
we can't shoot the scene.
Actors can't do anything
in these situations.
Mystia?
Sorry! It's a great script, isn't it?
This is awful.
How to market it?
This is Peterzen Film.
Alan from Nyallywood Bank?
Your bank didn't get back to us, so...
I thought you'd rejected it.
The bank itself has.
However--
You're serious?
Great.
Prepared to lose everything?
Welcome to the world
of dreams and madness!
You could get fired.
Success requires effort.
Right?
Even so--
Send me the data.
You won't be ready at that rate.
And so, I'd like us
to invest in Meister.
Martin may be the star, but...
it's a first-time director.
Movies with bad
publicity usually fail.
The risk is too high for us to invest.
That's all for today.
I haven't finished yet!
Huh?
I've always been good
at becoming other people.
Yes, it's always been my dream.
My grandpa showed me lots of movies,
but no film has ever truly moved me.
So you want to make one that does?
But if I made it,
it wouldn't move me, would it?
So you're getting Gene to make it?
That's your dream.
Since when?
Well--
I've always loved watching movies.
I had no friends, but I didn't care.
I mean, there were so
many films I hadn't seen yet.
There was a girl.
In every theater I went to.
But she always left when
the end credits began.
I don't remember her face,
But I always wondered...
why she came to watch the movies.
Has she never been so engrossed...
that she's watched
until the credits end?
That's why I wanted
to make a movie myself.
As movies saved me,
someone might be saved by mine.
Then I saw it.
Myself in the film.
This movie is for myself
all those years ago.
No, not just for me.
It needs a character that
everyone who watches it...
can believe in and identify with.
That's when I realized
it lacks a certain scene.
A crucial scene that
will make it complete.
To show what was discarded
in the pursuit of dreams.
So please let me make this movie.
I've always thought I'd
succeeded in everything.
But looking back,
what have I achieved?
I was just getting on with it.
When I realized that, I
wondered what I could do.
A banker's job is to...
help people fulfill their dreams.
Please! We want to make a movie...
that can give dreams to
people that have nothing!
I agree with what you say.
That's exactly what bankers should do.
But your argument's lacking.
You need to convince us with figures.
Figures.
- I have figures.
- What?
- Huh?
- You've been filming this!?
Sorry, but this whole meeting...
has been streaming worldwide!
What!?
This documentary is
also being streamed.
And also--
Crowdfunding?
We launched this website a
few days ago to raise funds.
This was the first day,
and this is the figure now.
And please note the viewing figures.
You see the potential?
That concludes my presentation.
Stop streaming this.
I'm afraid your gamble has failed.
Take your belongings and go.
There's no profit in dreams.
Don't be so glum.
It was a wonderful show.
You should be proud.
President!
Stop streaming!
One of my staff told me about it.
I've been watching.
The best presentation
I've seen for a while.
It needed firm resolution
and courage to pull off.
And it has more than enough potential.
We'll invest 10 times
the crowdfunding figure.
President!
You guys assess potential
only looking at past figures,
so you can't see the essence.
What do you mean?
Look at when the crowdfunding
suddenly increased.
You know what was
happening at that moment?
Gene Fini and Alan were
pouring their hearts out.
Assessing potential
means looking to the future.
They were evaluating
their dreams, their future.
But, President--
Nyallywood Bank invests in
people pursuing their dreams.
That's our motto.
I've never heard that motto before.
I just thought of it.
Alan, I have high hopes
for your future, too.
Yeah!
Well done.
Thank you!
It's been a long time since
we had such a crazy meeting!
It reminds me of when the
president was a junior executive.
Alright, you win!
We'll invest!
Thank you all for
coming back to do this.
Don't worry.
We're all here to shoot
a crucial scene, right?
Everyone.
Thank you so much!
It's a flashback to when
Dalbert lost his family.
Who's playing his wife?
I am.
I'm Martin Braddock.
Best actor in the world.
Wanna network socially?
I don't have a smartphone.
Have we met before?
What are you talking about?
Wow. Mystia looks
nothing like her usual self.
Of course not.
Thanks to Nyallywood's
top prosthetic makeup artist.
Don't tell anyone Mystia's in this.
Her credit will be a pseudonym.
She doesn't like the role?
Well--
Alright, but it has
to be a secret, OK?
You're ashamed to be in it?
No, it's just that one day,
I'll make a movie
with Gene and Natalie.
I'm sure I will.
But...
I'll have to have the lead role.
Until then, I don't want to
appear in Gene's movies.
That sounds great.
We'll make you a different person.
Alright!
Pompo?
Shoot it already!
And action!
And so, thanks to Pompo's
amazing skill as a producer,
and the crew's effort, we made it.
Excuse me.
Director Gene--
What a mess!
What's up, Natalie?
Mystia said you were busy
editing, so I brought some food.
You have huge bags under your eyes!
I haven't slept much.
How much lack of sleep
produces those bags?
I don't remember much
of the last three days.
You'll die!
Thanks to the investment,
we can make the movie,
but we have to show it in a week.
How much do you still have to cut?
About 3 hours.
That much!? Do you have enough time?
I have a week, so probably.
Pompo!
How's Gene?
He's sleeping.
He isn't injured.
They think it's anemia.
You mean--
Overwork.
The doctor says he
needs a week of bedrest.
A whole week?
If Gene can't edit it, we'll
have to ask someone else.
You look so peaceful asleep.
I was so looking forward
to seeing your movie.
I wanted to see it.
Gene.
Huh?
I thought you'd be here.
Let's go back to hospital.
I can't.
Gene!
If someone else edits it, it
won't be my movie anymore.
Huh?
I was reminded of something
during the additional shooting.
How old is Lyla now?
I won't let you see her.
But this is crazy.
So choose, right now.
Us, or your music.
That's your answer.
I should give up music?
You never saw us.
You can't have both, Dalbert.
Let me just say this.
Your music is wonderful.
But...
the aria you played me once...
was absolutely awful.
To create something great,
you have to sacrifice everything else.
Not just your own life,
but everyone's, and their money too.
And so...
there's no way I can give up now.
In that case, I'll be by your side.
Huh?
It's my movie too, you know?
You're absolutely unbelievable!
My first cut!
Sorry.
It's unnecessary.
My first shot with Martin!
I--
I trust you!
Life is a series of choices.
Choosing one path means
cutting out all the others.
So...
cut out conversation.
Cut out friendship.
Cut out family.
Cut out daily life.
Cut.
Cut, cut.
Cut!
In order to...
keep what's left over.
In order not to give up.
Cut!
This is my--
My--
My aria!
Have you finished?
Maybe. Even I don't know.
Huh?
Who knows what's correct?
Oh, but how long is it?
How long?
This is your aria.
Dalbert, you're amazing.
Because you've
devoted yourself to music.
Is the conductor smiling?
You found your aria.
Mom?
Dreams and memories
lying dormant in music.
You've invoked them all into sound.
In exchange for loneliness.
Heard no more, clumsy, the worst.
An aria just for us.
It's strange.
I feel this brings back memories.
Pompo, I--
You're a real director.
Your film.
I love it.
Sure enough, just as Pompo predicted,
our movie was a massive hit.
Hello?
Yes, I really hope you consider it.
Yes, I'll be right there!
And then--
Meister has won three awards already.
Best Actor: Martin Braddock
Will it win the remaining
Best Director and Best Picture?
Best Actress: Natalie Woodward
Best Screenplay:
J. D. Peterzen (Agency)
Then the anteater grown
huge by gamma rays...
starts licking her with its tongue!
That's my kind of movie!
The Nyacademy Award
for Best Director goes to...
Gene Fini! Best
Picture goes to Meister!
Best Director: Gene Fini
Director, tell us what you
like most about this film.
What I like most?
The thing I like most...
is that it's 90 minutes long.